#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
altair==4.2.0
    # via streamlit
anyio==3.6.2
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.2.3
    # via isoduration
asttokens==2.2.1
    # via stack-data
attrs==22.2.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   pytest
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
backports-zoneinfo==0.2.1
    # via
    #   pytz-deprecation-shim
    #   tzlocal
beautifulsoup4==4.11.1
    # via nbconvert
bleach==5.0.1
    # via nbconvert
blinker==1.5
    # via streamlit
cachetools==5.2.0
    # via streamlit
certifi==2022.12.7
    # via requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==2.1.1
    # via requests
click==8.1.3
    # via streamlit
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   click
    #   ipython
    #   pytest
    #   tqdm
comm==0.1.2
    # via ipykernel
commonmark==0.9.1
    # via rich
debugpy==1.6.4
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   validators
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
entrypoints==0.4
    # via
    #   altair
    #   jupyter-client
et-xmlfile==1.1.0
    # via openpyxl
exceptiongroup==1.1.0
    # via pytest
executing==1.2.0
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.16.2
    # via nbformat
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
gitdb==4.0.10
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.29
    # via streamlit
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==5.2.0
    # via
    #   nbconvert
    #   streamlit
importlib-resources==5.10.1
    # via jsonschema
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
ipykernel==6.20.0
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
ipython==8.7.0
    # via ipykernel
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
jedi==0.18.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   altair
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
    #   pydeck
jsonpointer==2.3
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.17.3
    # via
    #   altair
    #   jupyter-events
    #   nbformat
jupyter-client==7.4.8
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
jupyter-core==5.1.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
jupyter-events==0.5.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-server==2.0.5
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.4.3
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via nbconvert
markupsafe==2.1.1
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==2.0.4
    # via nbconvert
nbclassic==0.4.8
    # via notebook
nbclient==0.7.2
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.2.7
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.7.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
notebook==6.5.2
    # via -r requirements.in
notebook-shim==0.2.2
    # via nbclassic
numpy==1.24.1
    # via
    #   altair
    #   openai
    #   pandas
    #   pyarrow
    #   pydeck
    #   streamlit
openai==0.25.0
    # via -r requirements.in
openpyxl==3.0.10
    # via openai
packaging==22.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   pytest
    #   streamlit
pandas==1.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   openai
    #   streamlit
pandas-stubs==1.5.2.221213
    # via openai
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==9.3.0
    # via streamlit
pkgutil-resolve-name==1.3.10
    # via jsonschema
platformdirs==2.6.0
    # via jupyter-core
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via pytest
prometheus-client==0.15.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.36
    # via ipython
protobuf==3.20.3
    # via streamlit
psutil==5.9.4
    # via ipykernel
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pyarrow==10.0.1
    # via streamlit
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pydeck==0.8.0
    # via streamlit
pygments==2.13.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
    #   rich
pympler==1.0.1
    # via streamlit
pyrsistent==0.19.2
    # via jsonschema
pytest==7.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
    #   pandas
    #   streamlit
python-json-logger==2.0.4
    # via jupyter-events
pytz==2022.7
    # via pandas
pytz-deprecation-shim==0.1.0.post0
    # via tzlocal
pywin32==305
    # via jupyter-core
pywinpty==2.0.9
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
    #   terminado
pyyaml==6.0
    # via jupyter-events
pyzmq==24.0.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
requests==2.28.1
    # via
    #   openai
    #   streamlit
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via jsonschema
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via jsonschema
rich==12.6.0
    # via streamlit
semver==2.13.0
    # via streamlit
send2trash==1.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
smmap==5.0.0
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.3.2.post1
    # via beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.2
    # via ipython
streamlit==1.16.0
    # via -r requirements.in
terminado==0.17.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
toml==0.10.2
    # via streamlit
tomli==2.0.1
    # via pytest
toolz==0.12.0
    # via altair
tornado==6.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   streamlit
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.64.1
    # via openai
traitlets==5.8.0
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
types-pytz==2022.7.0.0
    # via pandas-stubs
typing-extensions==4.4.0
    # via
    #   openai
    #   rich
    #   streamlit
tzdata==2022.7
    # via
    #   pytz-deprecation-shim
    #   tzlocal
tzlocal==4.2
    # via streamlit
uri-template==1.2.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==1.26.13
    # via requests
validators==0.20.0
    # via streamlit
watchdog==2.2.0
    # via streamlit
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.12
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.4.2
    # via jupyter-server
zipp==3.11.0
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources
